vmctl: add `--backoff-retries`, `--backoff-factor`, `--backoff-min-duration` global command-line flags (#6639)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmauth/): properly proxy requests to backend urls ending with `/` if the original request path equals to `/`. Previously the trailing `/` at the backend path was incorrectly removed. For example, if the request to `http://vmauth/` is configured to be proxied to `url_prefix=http://backend/foo/`, then it was proxied to `http://backend/foo`, while it should go to `http://backend/foo/`.
* BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmauth/): fix `cannot read data after closing the reader` error when proxying HTTP requests without body (aka `GET` requests). The issue has been introduced in [v1.102.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases/tag/v1.102.0) in [this commit](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/commit/7ee57974935a662896f2de40fdf613156630617d).

> * BUGFIX: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl/): add `--vm-backoff-retries`, `--vm-backoff-factor`, `--vm-backoff-min-duration` and `--vm-native-backoff-retries`, `--vm-native-backoff-factor`, `--vm-native-backoff-min-duration` command-line flags. It can be used for configure backoff retries for all migration modes. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6622).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl/): add `--vm-backoff-retries`, `--vm-backoff-factor`, `--vm-backoff-min-duration` and `--vm-native-backoff-retries`, `--vm-native-backoff-factor`, `--vm-native-backoff-min-duration` command-line flags. It can be used to configure the backoff retries policy for requests that push data to VictoriaMetrics.. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6622).
```

Author: updated
